Update documentation intro page (#566)
GetStream/stream-video-flutter: docusaurus/docs/Flutter/01-setup/01-introduction.mdx

description: Introduction to Stream's Video SDK
---

Welcome to the Stream [Flutter SDK](https://getstream.io/video/sdk/flutter/) - a comprehensive toolkit designed to help developers quickly implement real-time video calling, audio rooms, and live streaming directly into their Flutter app, all in Dart.

> Our Flutter SDK ships with out-of-the-box widgets such as calling indicators, participant screens, and more to make it as simple and intuitive as possible to add these experiences in just a few lines of code. Advanced features such as out-of-the-box CallKit integration, push notifications, and background track handling are also supported with minimal overhead.

Reviewer: See if it makes sense for you (not a mandatory change) :)

```suggestion
Our Flutter SDK comes with out-of-the-box widgets such as calling indicators, participant screens, and more. These components make it simple and intuitive to add rich experiences with just a few lines of code. Additionally, advanced features such as CallKit integration, push notifications, and background track handling are supported, all with minimal overhead.
```
